you
I saw
the Lord standing by the altar and he
strike the doorposts that the thresholds
may shake and break them on their heads
of them all I will slay the last of them
with the salt
he who flees from them shall not get
away and he who escapes from them shall
not be delivered though they dig into
hell from there my hand shall take them
though they climb up to heaven from
there I will bring them down and though
they hide themselves on top of camels
from there I will search and take them
though they hide from my sight at the
bottom of the sea from there I will
command the serpent and it shall back
them though they go into captivity
before their enemies from there I will
command the salt and it shall slay them
I will set my eyes on them for harm and
not for good the Lord God of hosts he
who touches the earth and it melts and
all who dwell there mourn all of it
shall swell like the river and subside
like the river of Egypt he who builds
his layers in the sky and has founded
his strata in the earth who calls for
the waters of the sea and pours them out
on the face of the earth the Lord is his
name are you not like the people of
the opiate to me o children of Israel
says the Lord did I not bring up Israel
from the land of Egypt the Philistines
from cap Thor and the Syrians from color
behold
the eyes of the Lord God are on the
sinful Kingdom and I will destroy it
from the face of the earth yet I will
not utterly destroy the house of Jacob
says the Lord for surely I will command
and will sift the house of Israel among
all nations as grain is sifted in a
sieve yet not the smallest grain shall
fall to the ground all the sinners of my
people shall die by the sword who say
the calamity shall not overtake nor
confront us on that day I will raise up
the tabernacle of David which has fallen
down and repair its damages
I will raise up its ruins and rebuild it
as in the days of old that they may
possess the remnant of Edom and all the
gentiles who are called by my name says
the lord who does this thing behold the
days are coming says the Lord when the
ploughman shall overtake the Reaper and
the Treader of grapes him who sews seed
the mountains shall drip with sweet wine
and all the hills shall flow with it I
will bring back the captives of my
people Israel they shall build the waste
cities and inhabit them they shall plant
vineyards and drink wine from them they
shall also make gardens and eat fruit
from them I will plant them in their
land and no longer shall they be pulled
up from the land I have given them says
the Lord your God
[Music]
you